feat: optional `KAFKA_TOPIC` (#6682)
confluentinc/ksql: docs/operate-and-deploy/installation/server-config/config-reference.md

[ksqlDB Server image](https://hub.docker.com/r/confluentinc/ksqldb-server/)
is `KSQL_KSQL_FUNCTIONS_SUBSTRING_LEGACY_ARGS`.

### ksql.persistence.source.topic.naming.strategy

Sets the class that will be instantiated to determine the value of the `KAFKA_TOPIC` property if 
one is not supplied explicitly in [CREATE TABLE](../../../developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/create-table.md)
or [CREATE STREAM](../../../developer-guide/ksqldb-reference/create-stream.md)
statements.

ksqlDB ships with three in-built implementations:

* `io.confluent.ksql.naming.CaseInsensitiveSourceTopicNamingStrategy` (Default): matches any existing
topic with the same name as the source, ignoring case.
* `io.confluent.ksql.naming.CaseSensitiveSourceTopicNamingStrategy`: matches any existing
topic with the exact same name as the source.

> * `io.confluent.ksql.naming.ExplicitSourceTopicNamingStrategy`: forces users to explicitly supply

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `io.confluent.ksql.naming.ExplicitSourceTopicNamingStrategy`: requires users to supply
```

> the topic name in the `WITH` clause.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the topic name in the `WITH` clause explicitly.
```

> Users may also implement their own strategy, if needed. Refer to the JavaDocs of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can also implement your own strategy, if needed. For more information, see  
```

> `io.confluent.ksql.naming.SourceTopicNamingStrategy` for more info.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`io.confluent.ksql.naming.SourceTopicNamingStrategy`.
```

Reviewer: Afaik, we don't really have JavaDocs for ksqlDB, do we?
